- [Instructor] Now, let's go ahead and add
a RESTful resource to the project.
So, let's come here and right click
on the com.app.rest package, say Java Class,
and say OrderResource.
And it's a RESTful API that we are trying to
pull in the JAXRS application
So, now it is a RESTful class that we want to write,
so we'll annotate this with the path annotation,
which comes from the javax.ws.rs.Path.
And then we'll define the URI for this path.
So, let's say orders, okay?
So, whenever you want to access this RESTful application,
the first thing that you have to do is,
you have to enter the basic URI which is resources,
and after that if you want to access the OrderResource,
then you'll have to access the path for that respectively.
Okay?
Alright.
And what are we going to do here?
We're going to add RESTful methods to it.
So, let's go ahead and say one method to get the orders.
So basically, the point of this application is,
we have already created the order object
in the stand-alone application that we have built
so far as a part of this course.
This is a JAXRS web application.
But before that, the stand-alone application that we built,
has all the beans ready with us,
also has the data generator class which will create
all the mock data for us.
So we're going to contain all of that
in the web project as well.
And then we are going to hit the RESTful API
to get all the orders.
So first let's add a method here.
Let's say GET.
And what is this going to do?
It's going to return a list,
java.util.list of orders.
So, I'm going to say get orders, that's all.
This method is ready with me now.
Now the big step that I have to do is,
I have to get all the beans for order, order details,
products, customer; all of the beans that we have
created as a part of the demo, right here in this project.
So I'm just going to expand the earlier project that we had,
go to the source packages.
So let's now take the folder.
We can the specific classes that we need.
So we definitely want address, customer, order,
order details, and product.
Those are the ones that we need.
So, right click, copy, go down,
and paste it to com.app.beans and the JsonbWeb project.
Okay, so there we are.
We have all the beans ready under the source packages.
Those are the ones that we are definitely
going to need for this application.
Alright, and then let's come to OrderResource
again, on line number 20.
Now I'm going to change the return type to list of order
instead of just an open collection.
Okay, let's import this com.app.beans.
Alright, and then, we are also going to do one more thing.
We are going to write a small method here which says public.
It will return your list of orders.
And let's call this get orders from database.
Now, we are not trying to make any kind of
database query during this application
because that's not really the focus right now.
We only need the data for that order object,
or maybe the list of orders that we may have.
So in order to do that let's go ahead
and back to the stand-alone application.
The com.app.utils folder has a data generator class.
Let's copy that, let's come down,
and we also have created a com.app.utils in the web project.
Let's just paste it there.
Alright, so the data generator class is in place
and that is basically going to give us
the data that we need for this RESTful application.
Alright, so I'm going to go back to OrderResource,
come to the get orders from database,
and just go ahead and make a return type of list of orders.
Say new ArrayList.
Let's first make the ArrayList,
and then we're going to say orders.dot.addDatagenerator.
Let's pick up the order from that class.
Likewise, you can add many order objects of different data
to this list of orders.
So, we'll look at the rest of this stuff
in the next video.